---
title: About
description:
  Christian, husband, father & software engineer. Enjoys working with Node and
  GraphQL. Loves React. Learn more about me, Andrew T. Poe.
---

import Layout from '../components/layout';

export default (props) => {
  return (
    <Layout
      {...props}
      getSEOProps={() => ({
        title: 'About',
        description:
          'Christian, husband, father & software engineer. Enjoys working with Node and GraphQL. Loves React. Learn more about me, Andrew T. Poe.',
      })}
    />
  );
};

# About Me

![](/images/andrewtpoe.jpg)

I am a **software engineer**. I solve complex problems, usually with code. I
build delightful, accessible user experiences for the web.

Of all the tools I have been fortunate enough to use professionally, modern
JavaScript is my personal favorite. React JS follows as a close second. For me,
these tools get out of my way and allow me to build beautiful web applications
that solve complex problems for their users.

My passion is programming. Even when I'm not at work you can frequently find me
on a computer learning new techniques and building personal projects. Code isn't
everything to me though. I also thoroughly enjoy spending time with my family,
organic gardening, and cooking delicious food.

---

## Experience

### Decisiv Inc, Glen Allen VA (Remote)

_Software Engineer May 2016 - PRESENT_

I was initially tasked with full-stack development tasts on a monolithic Ruby on
Rails/ Angular JS application. This included adding new features, integrations,
and resolving issues as they arose.

In the spring of 2017, I transitioned to a newly formed UI development team
where I have helped build numerous complex applications in React JS. The
applications used both REST and Graphql APIs, and included several product
offerings, an internal style guide, a design system, and numerous internal and
open-sourced JavaScript (and TypeScript) packages. This work included both
team-based and squad-based (cross-team) projects, several of which I have led
the UI development for.

### BREWPUBLIK, Charlotte NC (Remote)

_Software Engineer January 2016 - April 2016_

I developed an administrative application for internal business users in React
JS that allowed easy access to customer data and reporting tools.

### POE Innovations LLC, Charleston SC

_CEO, Software Engineer June 2014 - April 2016_

This was a technology company that I founded with two primary objectives: learn
about building a business and learn about building software. Work here consisted
of two projects:

- An algorithm (written in Python) that evaluated wholesale inventory data
  against Amazon product data to predict profitable products that would sell
  quickly. This program was used to direct product purchase decisions for an
  Amazon storefront.
- A SaaS application (written in Ruby on Rails) named Flat Rate Tracker. This
  service helped automotive technicians track their earnings and verify they had
  been paid correctly. This service was launched publicly and did get some
  subscribers, but the MRR was insufficient to warrant the attention the project
  required.

---

## Projects

### [Styled Components Modifiers](https://www.npmjs.com/package/styled-components-modifiers)

_BEM-flavored conventions in your Styled Components._

[Styled Components](https://www.styled-components.com/) is a superb CSS-in-JS
tool. [BEM](http://getbem.com/) is a wonderful CSS convention.
`styled-components-modifiers` allows you to combine the best of both worlds.
This is a library I developed to simplify our styling at Decisiv that was then
open sourced. All of Decisiv's React JS based projects use this tool extensively
and feedback has been very positive. When I last looked it had almost 200,000
downloads on NPM.

### [Key Design System](https://key-design-system.decisiv.com)

_The design system for Decisiv, built with Styled Components._

Decisiv has had a long running effort to modernize their applications. This
project was a concerted effort to create a standard toolkit for building new
applications and updating older applications. Key Design System has received
company wide praise for enhancing consistency across our new projects,
dramatically improving development time, and improving the accessibility
standards in our applications.

This project is managed according to requirements set by the Decisiv, but is
freely available for use by anyone. I have served as the lead developer for this
project.

### [Request Answers](https://andrewtpoe.github.io/request-answers/)

_A demo app for a unique approach to handling API requests with Redux._

While at Decisiv, the UI team encountered significant issues with making,
tracking, and handling responses from RESTful API requests. We attempted several
patterns over different projects including our own initial best efforts, the
"officially documented" approach, and `redux-saga`. All of these approaches
resulted in inconsistent implementations, a high level of code complexity, and
tons of boilerplate code.

I developed an internal package called `redux-flight-control` that handled
deduplication, managing requests through their lifecycles, and handling
responses when the request was resolved (or errored). This package ended up
saving well over 100 lines of repetitive boilerplate code for _every_ API
request in our app which both reduced code bloat and improved development time
for new features. Additionally, implementing good error handling and loading
states was drastically simplified.

The package I developed is internal, but the public git repository for the demo
app linked above includes a generalized implementation and documents the core
technique. The technique is very similar to the approach recently adopted by
[redux-toolkit](https://redux-toolkit.js.org/) for async actions.
