I am a **software engineer**.

I solve complex business problems, usually with code.

I build delightful user experiences, typically with JavaScript & React JS.

---

My journey as a software developer started with a love of making useful tools
with technology. I first learned to code by experimenting with
[Arduinos](https://www.arduino.cc/) as a hobby, then teaching myself the basics
of computer programming with Python.

As I became a better developer, I created a program in Python that helped locate
profitable products to sell on Amazon. Eventually I started a business (POE
Innovations) with that program. It worked well, but I quickly realized I loved
writing code much more than I did shipping products.

I was fortunate enough to go through The Iron Yard's Rails Engineering course
where I learned the fundamentals of building web applications with Ruby On Rails
in 2015 . Since that bootcamp, I have launched a web application of my own, been
continuously employed as a software engineer for a few truly wonderful
companies, and had the pleasure of working with a variety of modern (and older)
web technologies.

Of all the tools I have been fortunate enough to use, modern JavaScript is my
personal favorite. React JS follows as a close second. For me, these tools get
out of my way and allow me to build beautiful web applications that solve
complex problems for their users.

My passion is programming. Even when I'm not at work you can frequently find me
on a computer learning new techniques and building personal projects. Code isn't
everything to me though. I also thoroughly enjoy spending time with my family,
working with wood, organic gardening, and cooking delicious (and usually keto)
food.

---

## Experience

### Decisiv Inc, Glen Allen VA (Remote)

_Software Engineer May 2016 - PRESENT_

I was initially tasked with full-stack development tasts on a monolithic Ruby on
Rails/ Angular JS application. This included adding new features, integrations,
and resolving issues as they arose.

In the spring of 2017, I transitioned to a newly formed UI development team
where I have helped build numerous complex applications in React JS. The
applications used both REST and Graphql APIs, and included several product
offerings, an internal style guide, a design system, and numerous internal and
open-sourced JavaScript (and TypeScript) packages. This work included both
team-based and squad-based (cross-team) projects, some of which I led the UI
development for.

### BREWPUBLIK, Charlotte NC (Remote)

_Software Engineer January 2016 - April 2016_

I developed an administrative application for internal business users in React
JS that allowed easy access to customer data and reporting tools.

### POE Innovations LLC, Charleston SC

_CEO, Software Engineer June 2014 - April 2016_

This was a technology company that I founded with two primary objectives: learn
about building a business and learn about building software. Work here consisted
of two projects:

1. An algorithm (written in Python) that evaluated wholesale inventory data
   against Amazon product data to predict profitable products that would sell
   quickly. This program was used to direct product purchase decisions for an
   Amazon storefront.
1. A SaaS application (written in Ruby on Rails) named Flat Rate Tracker. This
   service helped automotive technicians track their earnings and verify they
   had been paid correctly. This service was launched publicly and did get some
   subscribers, but the MRR was insufficient to warrant the attention the
   project required.

---

## Open Source

### [Styled Components Modifiers](https://www.npmjs.com/package/styled-components-modifiers)

_BEM-flavored conventions in your Styled Components._

[Styled Components](https://www.styled-components.com/) is a superb CSS-in-JS
tool. [BEM](http://getbem.com/) is a wonderful CSS convention.
`styled-components-modifiers` allows you to combine the best of both worlds.
This is a library I developed for Decisiv that was then open sourced. All of
Decisiv's React JS based projects use this tool extensively. When I last looked
it had over 115,000 downloads on NPM.

### [Key Design System](https://key-design-system.decisiv.com)

\_The design system for Decisiv, built with Styled Components.

Decisiv has had a long running effort to modernize their applications. This
design system was a concerted effort to create a standard toolkit for building
new applications and updating older applications. This project is not true "open
source" as it is managed according to requirements set by the company, but it is
freely available for use by anyone.

<!-- ### Digit <COMING SOON>

_An exploration in artificial intelligence._

Built as a research project while studying the authoritative book "Neural
Networks and Deep Learning". I built the underlying AI as a package that
implements a basic neural network from scratch (no library like Tensor Flow JS)
using functional programming techniques in JavaScript. The application allows a
user to draw a number, then attempts to guess what that number is. The model was
trained with MNIST images. -->

<!-- ---

## Personal Projects

_These are projects I built for my own benefit, but I am able to show you the
app or the source if I want to._ -->

<!-- ### KryptoHandler <COMING SOON>

_An AI powered cryptocurrency portfolio management service._

Built as a tool to both further my AI skillset and (hopefully) generate a
passive stream of income. This service is integrated with Coinbase Pro. It
actively evaluates probable profitability of select cryptocurrencies, and makes
trades it deems to be profitable. The intent of the service is to generate an
income off of a fixed amount of capital, with the goal being 20% return on a
monthly basis. -->

---
